
<!-- Do not edit this file manually! Edit checks.yaml instead. --> 
# Check Documentation

This page contains information on how each check works and provide remediation
steps to fix the failure. All of these checks are basically "best-guesses"
currently, and operate on a set of heuristics.

They are all subject to change, and have room for improvement!
If you have ideas for things to add, or new ways to detect things,
please contribute!
## Active 

This check tries to determine if the project is "actively maintained".
A project which is not active may not be patched, may not have its dependencies patched, or may not be actively tested and used.  A low score is therefore considered `High` risk.
The check currently works by looking for commits within the last 90 days, and outputs the highest score if there are at least 1 commit/week during this period. 

**Remediation steps**
- There is *NO* remediation work needed here. This is just to indicate your project activity and maintenance commitment.

## Automatic-Dependency-Update 

This check tries to determine if a project has dependencies automatically updated.
Not updating dependencies makes a project vulnerable to known flaws and prone to attacks.  A low score is therefore considered `High` risk.
The checks looks for [dependabot](https://dependabot.com/docs/config-file/) or [renovatebot](https://docs.renovatebot.com/configuration-options/). This check only looks if it is enabled and does not ensure that it is run and pull requests are merged. 

**Remediation steps**
- Signup for automatic dependency updates with dependabot or renovatebot and place the config file in the locations that are recommended by these tools.

## Binary-Artifacts 

This check tries to determine if a project has binary artifacts in the source repository.
Binaries are a threat to auditability and vulnerability management.  In addition, a binary could be compromised or malicious.  A low score is therefore considered `High` risk. 

**Remediation steps**
- Remove the binary artifacts from the repository. 
- Build from source.

## Branch-Protection 

[Branch protection](https://docs.github.com/en/github/administering-a-repository/defining-the-mergeability-of-pull-requests/about-protected-branches) allows defining rules to enforce certain workflows for branches, such as requiring a review or passing certain status checks.
Branch protection ensures compromised contributors cannot  intentionally inject malicious code. A low score is therefore considered `High` risk.
This check determines if the default and release branches are protected with GitHub's branch protection settings. The check only works when the token has [Admin access](https://github.community/t/enable-branch-protection-get-api-without-admin/14197) to the repository. This check determines if the default and release branches are protected. 

**Remediation steps**
- Enable branch protection settings in your source hosting provider to avoid force pushes or deletion of your important branches.
- For GitHub, check out the steps [here](https://docs.github.com/en/github/administering-a-repository/managing-a-branch-protection-rule).

## CI-Tests 

This check tries to determine if the project runs tests before pull requests are merged. It works by looking for a set of well-known CI-system names in GitHub `CheckRuns` and `Statuses` among the recent commits (~30). A CI-system is considered well-known if its names contains any of the following: appveyor, buildkite, circleci, e2e, github-actions,  jenkins, mergeable, test, travis-ci. The check succeeds if at least 75% of successful pull requests have at least one successful check associated with them. 

**Remediation steps**
- Check-in scripts that run all the tests in your repository.
- Integrate those scripts with a CI/CD platform that runs it on every pull request (e.g. [GitHub Actions](https://docs.github.com/en/actions/learn-github-actions/introduction-to-github-actions), [Prow](https://github.com/kubernetes/test-infra/tree/master/prow), etc).

## CII-Best-Practices 

This check tries to determine if the project has a [CII Best Practices Badge](https://bestpractices.coreinfrastructure.org/en). It uses the URL for the Git repo and the CII API. The check does not consider  if the repo has a solver or gold levels for passing the test. 

**Remediation steps**
- Sign up for the [CII Best Practices program](https://bestpractices.coreinfrastructure.org/en).

## Code-Review 

This check tries to determine if a project requires code review before pull requests are merged. 
Reviewing code improves quality of code in general. In addition, it ensures compromised contributors cannot intentionally inject malicious code. A low score is therefore considered `High` risk.
The check first tries to detect if branch-Protection is enabled on the default branch and the number of reviewers is at least 1. If this fails, it checks if the recent (~30) commits have a Github-approved review or if the merger is different from the committer (implicit review). It also performs similar check for reviews using  [Prow](https://github.com/kubernetes/test-infra/tree/master/prow#readme) (labels "lgtm" or "approved") and Gerrit ("Reviewed-on" and "Reviewed-by"). 

**Remediation steps**
- Follow security best practices by performing strict code reviews for every new pull request.
- Make "code reviews" mandatory in your repository configuration. E.g. [GitHub](https://docs.github.com/en/github/administering-a-repository/about-protected-branches#require-pull-request-reviews-before-merging).
- Enforce the rule for administrators / code owners as well. E.g. [GitHub](https://docs.github.com/en/github/administering-a-repository/about-protected-branches#include-administrators)

## Contributors 

This check tries to determine if a project has a set of contributors from multiple companies. 
Low score has 'Low' risk.
The check works by looking at the authors of recent commits and checking the `Company` field on the GitHub user profile. A contributor must have at least 5 commint in the last 30 commits. The check succeeds if all contributor span  at least 2 different companies. 

**Remediation steps**
- There is *NO* remediation work needed here. This is just to provide some insights on which organization(s) have contributed to the project and making trust decision based on that. But you can ask your contributors to  join their respective organization.

## Frozen-Deps 

This check tries to determine if a project has declared and pinned its dependencies. 
Pinning dependencies is important to mitigate compromised dependencies from undermining the security of the project. Low score is therefore considered `Medium` risk.
The checks works by (1) looking for the following files in the root directory: go.mod, go.sum (Golang), package-lock.json, npm-shrinkwrap.json (Javascript),  requirements.txt, pipfile.lock (Python), gemfile.lock (Ruby), cargo.lock (Rust), yarn.lock (package manager), composer.lock (PHP), vendor/, third_party/, third-party/; (2) looks for  unpinned dependencies in Dockerfiles, shell scripts and GitHub workflows.  

**Remediation steps**
- Declare all your dependencies with specific versions in your package format file (e.g. `package.json` for npm, `requirements.txt` for python). For C/C++, check in the code from a trusted source and add a `README` on the specific version used (and the archive SHA hashes).
- If the package manager supports lock files (e.g. `package-lock.json` for npm), make sure to check these in the source code as well. These files maintain signatures for the entire dependency tree and saves from future exploitation in case the package is compromised.
- For Dockerfiles and github workflows, pin dependencies by hash. See example [gitcache-docker.yaml](https://github.com/ossf/scorecard/blob/main/.github/workflows/gitcache-docker.yaml#L36) and [Dockerfile](https://github.com/ossf/scorecard/blob/main/cron/worker/Dockerfile) examples.
- To help update your dependencies after pinning them, use tools such as  Github's [dependabot](https://github.blog/2020-06-01-keep-all-your-packages-up-to-date-with-dependabot/) or [renovate bot](https://github.com/renovatebot/renovate).

## Fuzzing 

This check tries to determine if the project uses a fuzzing system. It currently works by checking if the repo name is in the [OSS-Fuzz](https://github.com/google/oss-fuzz) project list. 

**Remediation steps**
- Integrate the project with OSS-Fuzz by following the instructions [here](https://google.github.io/oss-fuzz/).

## Packaging 

This check tries to determine if a project's GitHub workflows follow the principle of least privilege, i.e. if the GitHub tokens are set read-only by default.
A compromised token with write access may be used by attackers to push malicious code into the project. A low score is therefore considered `High` risk.
For each workflow yaml file, the check looks for the permissions keyword. If it is set globally as read-only for the entire file, this check succeeds. Otherwise it fails. The check cannot detect if the "read-only" GitHub permission settings is enabled, as there is no API available. 

**Remediation steps**
- Publish your project as a [downloadable package](https://docs.github.com/en/packages/learn-github-packages/publishing-a-package).

## Pull-Requests 

This check tries to determine if the project requires pull requests for all changes to the default branch. It works by looking at recent commits (first page, ~30) and uses the GitHub API to search for associated pull requests. The check discards commits by usernames containing 'bot' or 'gardener'. The check considers a commit containing the string `Reviewed-on` as being reviewed through gerrit; and does not check for a corresponding PR. 

**Remediation steps**
- Always open a pull request for any change you intend to make, big or small.
- Make "pull requests" mandatory in your repository configuration. E.g. [GitHub](https://docs.github.com/en/github/administering-a-repository/about-protected-branches#require-pull-request-reviews-before-merging)
- Enforce the rule for administrators / code owners as well. E.g. [GitHub](https://docs.github.com/en/github/administering-a-repository/about-protected-branches#include-administrators)

## SAST 

This check tries to determine if the project uses static code analysis systems. 
SAST tool may prevent known classes of bugs to be inadvertently  introduced in the codebase. A a low score is considered `Medium` risk.
The checks currently looks for known Github apps such as [github-code-scanning](https://securitylab.github.com/tools/codeql) (codeql) and sonarcloud in the recent (~30) merged PRs. The check also looks for the use of "github/codeql-action" in a github workflow. 

**Remediation steps**
- Run CodeQL checks in your CI/CD by following the instructions [here](https://github.com/github/codeql-action#usage).

## Security-Policy 

This check tries to determine if a project has published a security policy. It works by looking for a file named `SECURITY.md` (case-insensitive) in a few well-known directories. 

**Remediation steps**
- Place a security policy file `SECURITY.md` in the root directory of your repository. This makes it easily discoverable by a vulnerability reporter.
- The file should contain information on what constitutes a vulnerability and a way to report it securely (e.g. issue tracker with private issue support, encrypted email with a published public key).

## Signed-Releases 

This check tries to determine if a project cryptographically signs release artifacts. It works by looking for filenames: *.minisign (https://github.com/jedisct1/minisign), *.asc (pgp), *.sign. for the last 5 GitHub releases. The check does not verify the signatures. 

**Remediation steps**
- Publish the release.
- Generate a signing key.
- Download the release as an archive locally.
- Sign the release archive with this key (should output a signature file).
- Attach the signature file next to the release archive.
- For GitHub, check out the steps [here](https://wiki.debian.org/Creating%20signed%20GitHub%20releases).

## Signed-Tags 

This check looks for cryptographically signed tags in the last 5 tags. The check does not verify the signature, but relies on github's verification. 

**Remediation steps**
- Generate a new signing key.
- Add your key to your source hosting provider.
- Configure your key and email in git.
- Publish the tag and then sign it with this key.
- For GitHub, check out the steps [here](https://docs.github.com/en/github/authenticating-to-github/signing-tags#further-reading).

## Token-Permissions 

This check tries to determine if a project's GitHub workflows follow the principle of least privilege, i.e. if the GitHub tokens are set read-only by default. 
A compromised token with write access may be used by attackers to push malicious code into the project. A low score is therefore considered `High` risk.
For each workflow yaml file, the check looks for the permissions keyword. If it is set globally as read-only for the entire file,  this check succeeds. Otherwise it fails. The check cannot detect if the "read-only" GitHub permission settings is enabled, as there is no API available. 

**Remediation steps**
- Set permissions as `read-all` or `contents: read` as described in GitHub's [documentation](https://docs.github.com/en/actions/reference/workflow-syntax-for-github-actions#permissions).

## Vulnerabilities 

This check determines if there are open, unfixed vulnerabilities in the project using the [OSV](https://osv.dev) service.
An existing vulnerability is can readily be used by attackers, so a low score is considered `High` risk. 

**Remediation steps**
- Fix the vulnerabilities. The details of each vulnerability can be found on <https://osv.dev>.

